If you pick it up, run for your lives
Fishing out the people, you're going to jail
How come?
Isn't my sister used to being a good person?
Yun Xuewei, I won't let you go
You won't.
If Dad hadn't brought you back
You're already dead.
Then Dad got into a car accident because of you
You owe him two lives.
That's not true.
After Dad died, I asked Mom to sell you
But he still worked hard to raise you
This is like giving you a third life
Spend some blood for our family
Isn't it supposed to be?
Everyone loves your face
Brother is also a senior
Zhao Tingchuan too
When will you be better than me?
I'm going to destroy you today
Hello
Mr. Gu's naked mouth is gone, what did you do?
Why again and again
Make him disappear under your nose again and again
His mother came looking for him
Long-winded, let me out
I walked away for a few minutes
Who would have thought
His mother didn't even let go of her own daughter
I don't want to hear your explanation.
I was wrong.
Punish as you wish
But Mr. Gu
The slave is Yunyao
Pardon me?